https://communistsister.itch.io/i-have-always-liked-sci-fi-anime-and-sex
> I wonder what it would have been like to grow up with games on those topics that weren't made by men. Games which were about space and the future and love and sex and gender, with all those polygons and menus layered on top. Games where the future-based fiction imagined one without Lt. John Muscle as the protagonist.

Ask and ye shall recieve.

Hi, my name is Alina, I'm a white cis female, and I grew up in a house of gamer girls. I'm the eldest of 7 women, 4 biologically related, 2 married in. My siblings and I have been playing games together for pretty much our entire lives.

I'm slowly realizing that this doesn't happen a lot, and that I have a unique voice in this space that matters in general, which is a whole thing we can dive into some other time.

I always find it a bit funny to hear about how other people grew up with different things than I did. My parents raised us Christian, so while other kids were off watching Bill Nye and Bob Ross, I was off watching Veggie Tales and focus on the family's retelling of myths and bible stories. The first time I'd heard of Mr. Rodgers was in "The Ultimate Showdown" as he emerged from a vicious fight pitting everyone in pop culture against each other "in a bloodstained sweater".

In some ways I feel like reading about other people's childhood experiences has overwritten or tainted my own somehow. I feel like the constant recall of other people's experiences in forums and social media has turned into something as strong as my own lived experiences, just because of how much time has passed between now and the initial events, and how little I've really spent reflecting on them. If you needed a reason to start journaling, that purity of reflection and self is probably one of the best reasons.

Anyway, games.

I actually really enjoyed Barbie games. There were a handful of different ones in my life, oftentimes with their own direct-to-dvd-specials and promotional doll line. There was this particular Barbie game about designing your own clothing lines and fashion shows. You'd take a theme to work with, then design a series of outfits, then set lighting and effects for a handful of models to show them off out on the catwalk. Then you'd get a new theme, unlock more exciting cuts, patterns, and effects to work with, and do it all over again. I would typically play this until I'd unlocked all of the things, which was coincidentally the space and out-of-this-world theme, then I'd reset it and play from the begnining.

Then one day the disk broke, and that was it.

But there were other Barbie games. Another I really liked was Kelly's Pet Parade, where you'd take a girl, her pet, and spruce both of them up for the title's activity. You'd wash a dog or braid a horse's mane, then decorate the float they were to be parading with.

And then there were the DVD games.

Oh my god the DVD games

We never really had consoles growing up until the Wii came out, so all of our games were pretty much PC and web based.

But then some movies would have games.

There was a particular choose-your-own-adventure game in some direct-to-dvd tarzan sequel that I quite liked, though I think I only ever got a happy ending once. There was one where Tarzan would get bitten by a spider, and then run off into the jungle and Jane would be chasing him, only for him to end up seduced by this voodoo witch of some sort under the pretense of healing him.


That's not to say I didn't ever play stereotypical masculine games. My dad was and is pretty into FPSs, which have traditionally been military themed and been focused on online multiplayer. I have a distinct memory of us playing counter strike together online, and him gloating about how I, his 11 year old daughter, had totally pwned some guy 10 years older than me.

These days I still quite enjoy FPS gameplay, but the constant toxicity when dealing with strangers in online FPS environments and the fact that most of the recent entries in the genre have little or no style realistically means I play Overwatch, Borderlands, or singleplayer story-driven pieces and refuse to touch CoD and Battlefield with a 20ft pole.

It's like games are supposed to be fun or something, and if other people are preventing you from having fun, moving on is your best option.

TOUHOU
other barbie games
counter strike
MMOs
mabi
flash games
giggapets
pixel chicks
poly pocket flash games
the buzz on maggie
early mikumiku dance
mobile games
